Add long error explanation for E0628 (#69867)
rust-lang/rust: src/librustc_error_codes/error_codes/E0628.md

More than one parameter was used for a generator.

Erroneous code example:

```compile_fail,E0628
#![feature(generators, generator_trait)]

fn main() {
    let generator = |a: i32, b: i32| {
        // error: too many parameters for a generator
        // Allowed only 0 or 1 parameter
        yield a;
    };
}
```

At present, it is not permitted to pass more than one explicit

> parameter for a generator.This can be fixed by using only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parameter for a generator.This can be fixed by using
```

> 0 or 1 parameter for generator. So, for example, we might resolve

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at most 1 parameter for the generator. For example, we might resolve
```
